.TH twat 1 "September 2011" "" ""
.SH NAME
twat \- a cli/ruby interface to twitter.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B twat [-n account] <-a|-d|-l|-u [user]>
.B twat [-n account] tweet goes here
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B twat
gives a simple interface to twitter from the command line.
.SH USAGE
generally, twat -an accountname will prompt you to authenticate via a given
URL, and from that point on twat -n accountname "tweet" will post "tweet" to
your twitter account.
.SH OPTIONS
.IP -n account
Specify which account to connect with. If not specified, twat searches your
config for an account named default.
.IP -a
Tell twat to execute the routines for authenticating itself with OAuth for your
account.
.IP --endpoint
With -a to add an account specify a different endpoint than the twitter default.
At present, twitter and identi.ca are supported.
.IP -d
Delete speficied account.
.IP -h
Display a short summary of twat's options.
.IP -f
Watch your newsfeed in a similar manner to tail -f, updating as your feed does
(polling interval defaults to 60 seconds)
.IP -u USER
Retrieve a list of USER's recent tweets. Note this will retrieve all of their
tweets as opposed to just what would have appeared in your feed.
.SH CONFIGURATION
Options are configured with --set OPTION=VALUE.
Options include
.IP default=account
Sets account as the default
.IP colors=<true|false>
Turns colors on or off in the output from twat. [defaults on]
.IP beep=<true|false>
Beep when a new tweet mentioning you is recieved (Handy in tmux). [defaults off]
.IP polling_interval=[>14 seconds]
Specify the interval between polls to twitter's API. Values of <15 seconds are
not allowed as they would exceed a user's daily API requests to twitter.
.IP --update-config
Twat is a rolling release and as such, sometimes it is necessary to change the
format of it's internal config file. Rather than making changes without user
consent, twat instead allows a user to use --update-config to migrate their
config to the latest version.
.SH FILES
.IP ~/.twatrc
yaml file containing a mapping of account nicknames to oauth credentials.
Should always be readable only to you.
